Update document for cross-index queries support in Logs API (#7219)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/api/logs/list_logs.md

* **`startAt`** [*optional*, *default*=**None**]:
   Hash identifier of the first log to return in the list, available in a log `id` attribute. This parameter is used for the [pagination feature][1].
   **Note**: this parameter is ignored if the corresponding log is out of the scope of the specified time window.
* **`sort`** [*optional*, *default*=`"desc"`]:
    Time-ascending `asc` or time-descending `desc`results.
* **`limit`** [*optional*, *default*=`10`]:
    Number of logs return in the response (maximum is 1000)
* **`index`** [*optional*, *default*=`"*"`]:

>     - Coma separated list of index names. E.g `"retention-15,retention-30"`. `"*"` stands for all indexes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Coma separated list of index names. For isntance: `"retention-15,retention-30"`. Setting `"*"` stands for all indexes.
```
